# Clawbot_Stacking_Challenge-
Our Clawbot is a robot that is able to stack many blocks together. It uses two gears attached to 30 degree bent gusset that acts as the the actual claw itself to control the claw and to be able to grab small things. It uses 2 1x2x1x16 C-Channels to connect it to the main robot and it also used to control the claw moving it up or down. It does this buy attaching a huge gear to the 1x2x1x16 C-Channel above which when moved moves the huge gear that is interlocked with a smaller gear below that also moves the bottem 1x2x1x16 C-Channel. The claw bot is able to grab because of a motor connected to an axle that moves one of the gears that help the claw bot grab. The other claw is also able to move because the gear interlocks with the other gear right next to it meaning that even though the motor is connected to one of the gears its going to move the other one too because they are both connected. Thats basically the main summery and overview on how our clawbot works. We have 4 ports used 3,4,6 and 10. Port 3 is connected to the claw arm that helps move it up and down. Port 4 is used for the claw hands which basically helps the claw grip an item. Port 6 is used for the wheels on the left that move the left side of the robot. Port 10 is used for the wheel on the right side of the robot that move the right side of the robot. That explains the port assignments in our robot. What our code does is basically first it moves the claws motor to move it up and open the claw itselve. Then it uses the motors too move forward to the point where its infront of the cubes. Then the code tells it to grab the cube using the claw which now the claw is carrying the cube. At this point the robot reverses to the halfway point and turns 180 degrees and moves forward to the dropping point. Here the robot drops the cube and reverses till the halfway point and turns 180 degrees again. This process repeats although the dimensions and units it moves and grabs are different depending on where the cube is and where we have to drop it. The things taht worked in this project was litteraly just building the robot but the most callenging part of this assignment was the codeing. This is because we had to do alot of trial and error to actually finish the coding to the point where it actually stacks cubes. This is really it to our robot
